hey syndicate what I message sir rad
core asking if he was your dad and he
said yes he's not my father good my
daughter is right here my fucking wife
is right here I don't have a fucking son
you stupid cum guzzling can we test and
we cried and we laughed and had a really
really really good diet that one guy me
I'm your new buddy yeah tja tja yeah
that's me yep I did it Cindy get front
row why how's your dad going Judy he's
not my dad Bodhi tree huh are you a
telephone Oh burn hey gold bubbleman
yeah how's your day going sir that's
good I'm glad to hear that I'm gonna
invite you after this game cuz I like
you yes rocker yeah yeah I'm so rad core
does your wife know that you have a sign
with your fucking to cut power to dude
for real just let her know hey what's
your son's name again I hope you didn't
name I'm syndicate in your life now I'm
you come and tell them that faces that i
will put on music or if I don't put on a
theme song hey beautiful what's up big
funny yes I do okay it's big funny come
on vamanos and everybody let's go does
in English that was not in english i was
a Spanish song sing by a Spanish lady
he's not my freaking father nobody but I
now brother buddy banana buddy buddy
banana buddy buddy barato funny bahaha
terrible doctor in a volleyball in gosh
my gosh she's not my freaking yeah you
just said it was wow you got my way you
dodo alright didn't mean it y'all like
that motherfuck the fuck
Maholm mom has two beds so joke's on you
oh fuck haha what does that have to do
with anybody i meant to say i have two
detectives hi mom has two dads though
what I'll give you a binky girl see you
later clubpenguin talk to you soon
you